All pizodiciaslevipeique centroslevi comiatry mental si. VISTA. Uh, VISTASIATRIA
the various vista pontavista, the anthropology, the philosophy as
the ponvistasiatriaia suis.
Uh, AND smash suicidedtria, OK, suicidio, uh, fundamental mentemento,
OK, uh, stria non tra mar si non stria.
Um, PSYCHIATRIC circumstances twice. DIAGNOSTIC statistics. Uh, THE genoa
NSSE on non-suicidal self-injury. DIAGNOSTIC borderline diagnostic. Um. COMPLEX.
THE
borderline suicide.
Uh, THE psychiatric frequent. SUBSTANCE. Um, um. BORDER.
SOCIOPATHY.
PSYCHOPATH.
SO.
RESPONSIBLY. THE. Mhm.
uh US factors the risk of sadzo the so
is suffering the skos so the mental indikoukle al
genged severe. GENETIC determine the circumstances.
um. Uh.
IN comparison.
A. SIGNIFICANT. OK. No sting suiciding the tentative ss
or complement ok uh is um no ok uh
how much per graphic ok. Uh, A, uh, min
mash frequent sin. FREQUENT in visio. Uh, THE tentative
suicid pintos. Some different uh mor mortsuis statistics the
visa que lament. Um, HE, um, uh, respect to
terms systematic spiritual spiritually or relis. CULT. um Uh,
A spiritual. CULTURAL spiritual. OK.
Uh GENETIC fsotropics in the characteristic as different characteristic
as physic toxic logic is
genetic. SEXUAL. Uh. TWICE. Uh, TERMINAL in um uh
uh. FAMILIAR.
Uh
CONCEPT. Um. Its triggers on the effective sits contest
twice vida. Um, YOU have complex complement complex multiterminate
osage linear suicidos. Acre num. OK.
FROM.
They normally fight. We fight towards the boys we
fight Werter Cobain. Uh, FREQUENT. Um, GUIDELINES. FREQUENT.
Uh, IN Portugal iconso uh matososo suicidos. Uh, IS
the converse philosophy ifalla sobre sui el disquests suikesque.
uh. Um. Um, NO.
PRINCIPLES.
C. Uh, IN terms of effective amendment. THE idiosinas
uh yes s the proper su. Uh, OK, yelling
lid. Portugal problematic in Portugal. Uh. Uh. THE.
Uh, ITS brunta then through the so is suffering
in dBS and suisive nostezive quality percentaging dellus kentum
suisi.
See is it's some that statisticsto uh the fact.
You swear. Uh, THE. OK the the the suicidal.
Um, PSYCHOPATHIC suicide and attempted suicide. NORMAL. Uh, EVERY
now and then. Uh, uh. Uh.
AND don't known sari red stur mental per center
von tm or for a tentative suicide and sari
red stu mental tenaro suisi.
MASS statistics autopsy. THE autopsy. AND um. OK. IN
terms in terms. Pa. OK. Uh. The swiss sin
uh phlegm e phlegm primid OK uh you you
you mental uh. CIRCUMSTANCES. Uh. OK. SUICIDE fundamental in
the the the vivincia the the vir etc. EVIDENT
to them uh uh uh pensaventura. IN terms of
sentiments etc. OK. I'm, um. OK. You, you consider
medical clearance is pont vista medi medi surgic. Um,
NO, OK, uh, uh, uh. PSYCHIATRIC etc. Uh, WE
see that. uh. Uh, uh. PHILOSOPHIC economic philoso.
THE. Akisui er via philosophy in sarament purred stur
mental dalmaforme um eske to mother aruneses fad's sarissi.
POP. um So, uh, Falseels the novi mm m
primer tat sekelvinteeuidio vain rash fairer than sinni concretement
the siketria um dran. Uh, uh, THE viennas. Karl
Marx. Uh, uh, uh, uh, um, PHILOSOPHICS. THE The.
VITAL. Uh. Nons independent meant the stencia the the
the pes the sriment is stenci. The the sensa
sound the fact um. Uh, Victor Vittor Frankel mean
search for meaning, uh, is at the mint. Um,
YOU can use. OVERALL risk.
Serta forma il gimarcerta perspetius philosophic quesus soreviva comprisessimismu
unilliu e osse the certa formatareedra so as a
sis tipu the perspectives uh lovareeki um. PERSPECTIVE philosophic
logic.
Uh, YOU, you Steve with Craig Craig non concordvoslavir
um. PSYCHIATRIC um uh um ya clinic um. OK.
Uh.
SYNDROME psychopathic.
Uh. Is that the main key uh uh extern
is complex and I'm uh doing menta psychiatric eska.
Um. ANTIBIOTIC. FUNDAMENTAL mental. Thomas Thomas. UNDID roost the
calypsos quadram syndrome quin OK. Uh, NO no no
uh uh permit diagnostic. DIAGNOSTIC. SEX. DIAGNOSTIC. Oh yes,
it also samakki matin sent kostava deer it could
fetterment bussing. DIAGNOSTIC diagnostic the measures, mathematic statistics diagnostic
symptoma criteria diagnostic. NO stems. CONCEPT. SO.
E eps psychiatria it's involve its involves then through
dun contest sociocultural a present commodi homosexually jaffe considerrado
mass psychiatric uh transsexuallyado transsexuallygorozo so a transgender. Um,
uh, MENTAL suppress in terms support suing salma component
muralist mint fort. OR.
Um No ultima via pots. Um, uh, FOR the.
A. Um. Uh, uh. Uh. FUNDAMENTAL. Uh. Um.
If so is socialists communist radical radical e oliatri
perhaps iclu clinicquevi etomma estes so stowarequessu was leading
individual ment comprous CIs they intend is the critic
or or no osage. Uh CLINIC evil.
Um, MAST, uh, washed, uh, mako mkar, uh, skin.
Infringement epiciatria politica. OK, uh, no nostems do slend
resembles, uh, uduterreich you the unionvietic Stalinista. Uh. Um,
THE, the schizophrenia in the schizophrenia. DIFFERENT. No. Illegal
infringement poli spoli. OK.
But everyagor Evans ser alarm sorests in others called
mort medicament to steve uh and tramsun. Uh, SO
the mental vigor so infinite vis uh sores ms
privati was the liberad treatments compulsive tournaments compulsives as
mental algus preve interms
um. Uh, PRIMARO, uh, so for erum preamble yo
ashkovo 10 prawn sintosh milivititrispan or rare session venteuit
um. The. No way, uh, uh, sukuza or, uh,
history sang or the libertad, uh, the invidadors were
cemental uh kernuncaskernotrojelia. A mental. No way in tournament
compulsive involtario um fun. To. Um, PARADIGMA. The. I.
Uh. SCHIZOPHRENIC. OK. Uh. THINK. Uh, SAD or or
treatment involuntary, um, gut mun Ashvi mentor. Um. Um.
OK. Comprehend comprehend. CONSEQUENCE. TENDS. uh. M. A. NO.
DISABILITIES. OK. Uh, NOW, uh, preventive preeminent, OK, uh,
ultra that that like operative ant. THE stor, OK.
T. um uh I was like if you didn't
mean fight if you didn't mean pudriser. OK.
Algume business suing internnades or Aubrigades visit reinski uh
pursua votad no fon uh say uh well it
it ifeivufia song treatmentus uh you in tournamentsiysoa non
tiver vontavo nos sunnilizar uh. U
no. OK. In. I'm implement the seminal clara priodulla.
I. I administrative judicial osage. MEDICS. Uh. DIAGNOSTICS. TECHNICAL
scientific circumstances. From. A con. No,
OK, OK. Uh, INVOLUNTARIO contra. Uh WI fika absoa
nons this point or non tsunni nonconcordela rez non
care
um.
NO.
OK, OK. If you must see you. Uh, FUNDAMENTAL
mental borderline diagnostic principal agnostic. Um, OK, OK. DIAGNOSTIC.
Borderline if some borderline, borderline ischizo five mesh borderline
tukur for a premier vis fish. Uh, Falves uh
and not relatorio centi naval uh you consider que
present cognitive. IN terms of. LOGIC. Uh, um, JUDICIAL
diagnostics. VOLUNTARY. Uh, OK. Uh, uh, CIRCUMSTANCE. I streams
varies varies uh to jails may retirement sequotica schizophrenia
paranoia. AND sta. AND psycho pharmacology. um uh um.
OK. PARANOID paranoid, OK. FUNDAMENTAL fundamental. SAINT was to.
CIRCUMSTANT.
Me and because the the late so mental litimento
stratament to the internnaments involuntari consider a pillumenski every
consideration for the less stand out of determine the
soundest so. Uh, SPOTS on the psychiatric.
Um, LIBERUM marvitrium esfacultas voluntatierraciones, uh, ulivre vitri, er
umfaulad. The the the hazi came forth. COGNITIVE comprehend.
Uh, uh, SMASHING in tinder mush, uh, uh, out
of sound. Ails no psychiatris a sound the capacita
the casin in the the suave sound intellecto cognitive
su vota intellective. Um, ON the uh uh ok.
Um. MIL um. THE. Uh, AGNOSTICS. ETC. Um, uh,
CONSEQUENCES consequences, uh, oiment nonconsentiment. CONSEQUENCES. Um, No um
not um. Uh, A morte au contra natura nos
no stems rewe fromatat pra mort no stems fromatat
pravida. Um. Um, CIRCUMSTANCE. THE terminal etc. ETC. YOU
circumstances. Um, EFFECTIVE seizure is a privily that he,
he, uh, can you imagine the then consider our
al. Uh, CIRCUMSTANCES, um. COGNITIVE. Um, I, um, yes,
uh, no. Uh. Uh, YOU, you, if, OK, um.
I. IN.
Pruka do do train medicsar semana id vidoseus valors
sweisque voar lenovo fri nodu mup fridos. Uh DIABETIC
zuma consules no alter via pode chili etc. Ye
yiedi so informa you yeldi uh mazi no perkuma
sing nonvivi yeldiron feri on the losa eil externare.
He is. Oh yes,
the the the. Uh, YOU'LL think you think. Um,
YOU'LL you'll think. The, the, the tad. He thinks
vital. OK. Uh. Uh, uh, LEGITIM independent
meant the accord.
Mm. Um,
MS loss the forming queer in resal the tros
properties.
STATISTICS. Uh.
Uh CASS cursus streus stars streus the normally love.
CLASSICS.
Uh, OK. OK. Um. Uh. PROPER. TIRE. No, no,
no, no complex philosophy.
I uh, they call me emplu Ashmes messing the
friend to the water knu water erasienta kuzars fame
or kuzaseski indique medics. IN operator er no.
THE uh.
THE. The
brilliant uh uh delay um. I numerous momentary clause
salva guard the guaran guarantee. There's the. So. SOUNDS.
uh. Uh, OK. Uh, MESH et siza pepswainelgal suing
cirque pas the many tarasua vonta. Appropriate instrument instruments
measure the accompaniment of the mayor is we fight.
OK. E. Uh,
OK, so the mental es mort medicament.
Uh. Mass vista la via um apart apartment. Um.
THE. VIA via sad. In. S. PARADOX. Uh A
mors in pretend guaranteed the uh er the mor
the these are out. ME. Uh. OK. PER. In
rigor terminal red pravida, the former stad gravies interpret.
Uh. For.
No, uh, ess in clarke provavelm nonrehension tourists criterus
the funnicles down the gravicuravelmez noa casus the dues
mentais plumenus nuclear speta incurablida the irreversibly davia fremented
grand intensivadelles correspondrio criteria.
Uh, THE
incredibly reversibly intensive,
OK. Pro
a barques.
It was she attended to public event in Congress.
She converses. Um, VISTA. I. Uh. OK. I guarantee
visa. Um, ME. PERMANENT relapse remitting osage uh etc.
SCHIZOPHRENIA. Um. OK. Uh, STATIC dynamic clinic. Uh, OK.
Um FINAL common pathways. THE symptomatic. R.
uh LEMON sumirki so ki a primo votadmur sarment
10 tenalmoformat que queer so intern.
Um. You, you have got no no no nostampa
mortjere contra natura nostamspar pavida you you. You will
be all along this Saint Vincent um. PORTFOLIO. Um,
You ask your media of this source is megado
media this source. Non sage feetti meant mur. PRETENDING
us free. I surges. uh. ULTRA minavel comms ravel
in ultrapael interminavel in town. THE ultimate ratio, OK.
Um,
NO cer ins when that was 10 years the
use of appropriate.
uh. Right, throw in town we invite via the
visa um matris philosophy and qualifi. PRESENT. Dosa Sony
cornis. OK, so that
statistics OK uh. TO the rea the land the
the space zar. Kendo is milivinti quattro of nov
mil noobs sense sinqueeoit pesmazome num uh uh morts
uh suisivis steed no mil noobsens singuente yoit then
this no mil nabs sense sinuente yitzent uh zentzitzanov
forum pur uh purmutivus psychiatric protend to unumru. The
the the the universes so ki licito mort medicament
the plumen the corkads the wallenda not space pod
e numrumuntubaish statisticment since it's a novemilnensi cokewe muntwaish
uh pretend to e ekilks the way. Mism muks
permit the ques the psychiatris it it was sumuki
no to gent so the psychiatric solicitor medicaments. And
quads solicit the space permitted numerous the von mordiment
the rezoins psychiatric in premier lugar sarakricusini inslugar. Smitsuaor
medicament Steve ikou elis peroski and some of the
others psychiatric medicament uh uh at at a at
a medicaments. Uh, I, uh, he, he, he then
do a pots the terriso mort nesses condioinski in
principi song mens du roses, uh, uh, um, and
no so mensvilinusi, etc. Uh AND and no no
nonsudrier for non saw a pro or num the
sits and sidasing pils properties may use sensors medicament.
Uh, LIFE saving. I um uh uh uh clippoliter
to mental uh shama slippery slope or insta skurga.
Uh, SKIN, um, uh, to, um, um, uh, uh,
no scent, uh, in the porte. Uh, GRAPHIC physic
is OK. Um, I, I,
OK, principal circumstance. Is solicit physique incurve provoss suspect
uh problematic sake problematic in psychiatric essays. NEW mordiment
uh pils vints. Is it slippery slope. uh.
OK. OK. No uh psychiatric slippery slopes, OK, permits.
OK. Anti tra um uh um uh reo.
ETC. Mess meso faldo or the do space by
specific eventkel uh mort me to the legalisaa ma
vints vints. So problem slippery slope the pan uh
situscriter so put medicament tea pardon. ING. PSYCHIATRIC.
NO. VENTURA conceptual sound. Uh, PSYCHIATRIC um. Uh. CLINIC
in the in the in the bank. Um, MESS
with mentor in the mini. Portuguese. Um. Um,
OK, OK, Boltons mental in irreversible origins intensive.
FREQUENT. Not. DYNAMIC um gen gen uh uh fundamental.
MINDFULNESS sami. DIGITS lighting. To no stemspotros frimento us
frimenteal redisa apa jay mfazir e negar. SYNTHETIC. The
Rio skin um uh uh uh dynamic dynamic portento.
Amevikka masa sound nonteno mas uh sajin kurave. You.
OK.
No. For.
uh. OK.
P.
IN. No psychiatrists. OK. Uh. A. SCIENTIFIC. It's.
NEGLIG. ZORAE the best city continuar at the juda
me continua medic a profess also mental stevests funniel
prais mesive to tambinki era suminko versusa always dues
de lero inkuraves. I dientiszorae permitted news in space
vice opto pele mort medicamentus steve uh quaexo problemmaki.
Oh, I lose the zi sound and there's a
z admit a sound the mart medicaments. SAFE. THE
OK, dizzy chronic the, the, the mentors um. Uh,
FROM tenake bring tent, um, a minoriga sound yer
digma, uh, a mini fun sound a key self
sage. OK, non comprehend. S. SUICIDE. YOU.
Uh, SO the, the person the personal. Ike era
presentacazukle prote 10 diagnostics uh javaliamus along with the
no sequence the veto the caliform uh. FAZER in
terms of the treatment or the continuament sia so
ye CD pellaropri promptseusophroist yes yeps acquisito.
Uh, BUT, uh,
uh, perfiru noun continua vive vestaman.
Um, Uh uh uh THE mje. I paradox. MENTAL.
In town Um, is significant. You. Iruteno is uh
in. A vota nonporiva best as proper circumstances works
now you used to uh used to a tratare.
Uh, uh, uh, AD causa osage parmun, uh, sua
so ok mesh in simultao digasino ok. K. THE.
PLEASE mesa singe is sun sit swinski stremamentifis the
no no me a comprehendsson stremamentifiso to a to
a thi shigaroontenki. YEP yep. Tidad compri in there
it was so acidad compri in there is sacri
in keki pusifazir muraro. Uh, THE old Oliviersuriment certa
formosuo mental. MANIFESTAVO demur purse. And. Umcole autonomous re
now either vi consentiment to informal to mareca. Or
no.
M M Micar. Um, PRIMAIRO pur, um. OK.
A soreestpodemus eliviale or control or mural uh compotrapi
or contrament pharmaclogic or sejour. Uh, THE accord call
that stems ukpo de concer, uh, a postpa sappore
strumentssemard desteforma mra de califora Olivia de calif California,
etc. IN in nest in nest casue I in
the considerer was pet to the uh que pains
pains tensor as painsuki. Uh, PELMENS we say a
singsoa normal mint but I say tring tisondela promot
me into steve I think jatir tint very steep
I think jabazi came into. Um, PLEASE is very
very steep stratamentes in tens of the, the uh
the quant uh the quant tempexisphse quant treatments is
the the the diversidadements is the entire el. CONSIDERING.
Uh. Um, um. I. PALLIATIVE. Uh, EQUAL sounds. Yeah,
um, esta dictentre, uh, yo peo a morthematica mental
sti the purkumos friment the river desta sit was
sound. F. THE slippery slope. Maciel. OK, OK, OK.
Um, uh. You know. Uh. um SONGS. Our present
the the labor together in what lugar presents obligatoria
the medical, etc. ETC. OK. COORDINARY scent. OK. THE
life saving, OK. In Lain uh uh uh uh.
It's a pillar to swallow,
Portuguese. In
socioli. In Bonri uh. Um, A more don't know.
Uh. Provincia is OK. Am. In medic medicament uh.
CIRCUMSTANCES. What. CLINIC. A clique, a zi strata. OK
sounds. Ilsa deli uh I shamo mort medicamenta steve
non punni non punnielposa and mort medicamenta steve um.
No suicid propaganda. MM. No.
Uh In towns dement consider non non-existing medical scientific
apart the sociocultural.
In fact, example, um, and. um. OF the The
the cultural leader, the, the sociology, etc. THE convicts
uh representative. Um, THERE is this skin is this
the only sensibly that um. NO. Uh, MAY you
retire you, may you retire you. OK. Uh, SOCIOPOLI.
OK.
Phil. MENTAL capacit complicate uh no no medics so
that could means meant that assess. As so was
our pharmacrelo puding non taria snes cast certa formattare
uh distensiarus medics that zone uh pen considerreki miserabel
oppressi a misaseabelfesque a form. Um EXPOEPS medics to
medics medics. SO non pharmac prescription mental circumstances and
pharmacy the tire.
Uh. Um. THE. Uh, YOU know. THE consequences pharmavis
consequences. OK. The minurenuzidadius frimento right 3 of fundamentiponsao
savara algukil provcaro in the friment not makwesa. A.
OF the the the the that cocktail lio cocktail.
Uh.
TO.
No more
If you could, if you could.
CORRESPONS. Mr. COCKTAIL contra viva. CLEVER equivalent paramedics whatever.
Transport. THE Uh, in terms of the mechanisms that
the casus
psychiatrics slippery slope. STATISTIC absolute no, no, no. STATISTIC.
THAT effective. Uh SO the risks to guarantee. Uh,
uh, UKSIRE. STUNT nests the mort the specific event
in skiing to the psychiatricque nonpode risk the certal
to tambined certa form. Mealgen suffered psychiatric prolonggaiki manifested
the former consistent along the tempo uh vota mur.
No no the er remer form a permitted ses
uh may use gurus ros the devi.
THIS. Um, OK the the the the. Uh, THE,
the, the convent. Uh. In. THE. uh. No no
strata vide appro OK. Uh. OF
for
no. Uh. M 0 No one could have insist.
Anyway, um, you, you, uh, insert uh uh sing
the song inser um um paradox sing. MOR alvi
invita no no no. Um. OK. Swiss. MINS. OK,
circumstances we create a form. Uh.
G. In consequence as in no casques is supplique
miss the memos uh eurozuki e queenddu uh fucuum
source for informados that travesique quisteria con circa ia
terreeso mt medicament spaneiquierra nes the circumstances. Uh, OFFICOSA
serio suka kore catholic er fried spar duma forms
coercive uh the wavi. Not.
SOUND. OK. THE the the the the pharma. IN
terms of the chronic. Uh.
The the. Uh,
THE log. Uh. FACT.
Uma des stoinskikos and remarttereis see the factsiratsi reversible.
Uh, PSYCHIATRIST sizozi reversible nest cazu claret reversible yakou.
ABORT. She is.
FREQUENT. Uh. Um YOUR in the non-terminal contest the
contest they should see for the day or pasa
pasa is still contest you pretend to you yours.
Um. IMPLICIT. CONSTANT. VITA. In temporary, OK.
A so sentiment in formal. The the customs of
cars supplic transition sisuati verment guarantee keatsi.
OK. A reversal the pondre sound is quiado the
courtcipius de prudencia lass sat cent the guarantee avo
liver seria conscientei consent. CIRCUMSTANCE. A.
OK.
Ess psychiatris um. RESPONSIBLY um. And is uh continus.
Ah, you're not with the responsibly the the the
the norma, OK. The the the the. No, no.
This reversible transitions vasosa. FOR.
Uh, OK. Uh, THE part paaa you say this
tips, OK, put a mir marik no. THE part.
NO. Uh, Ricardo, OK, the skin. ETC.
IN. Hi guys, thank you for watching this interview
until the end. If you liked it, please share
it, leave a like and hit the subscription button.
The show is brought to you by Enlights Learning
and Development done differently. Check their website at enlights.com
and also please consider supporting the show on Patreon
or PayPal. I would also like to give a
huge thank you to my main patrons and PayPal
supporters, Perergo Larsson, Jerry Mulleran, Frederick Sundo, Bernard Seyaz
Olaf, Alex, Adam Cassel, Matthew Whittingbird, Arnaud Wolff, Tim
Hollis, Eric Elena, John Connors, Philip Forrest Connolly. Then
Dmitri Robert Windegerru Inasi Zu Mark Nevs, Colin Holbrookfield,
Governor, Michel Stormir, Samuel Andrea, Francis Forti Agnun, Svergoro,
and Hal Herzognon, Michel Jonathan Labrarith, John Yardston, and
Samuel Curric Hines, Mark Smith, John Ware, Tom Hammel,
Sardusran, David Sloan Wilson, Yasilla Dezarajo Romain Roach, Diego
Londono Correa. Yannik Punteran Ruzmani, Charlotte Blis Nicole Barbaro,
Adam Hunt, Pavlostazevski, Alekbaka, Madison, Gary G. Alman, Semov,
Zal Adrian Yei Poltonin, John Barboza, Julian Price, Edward
Hall, Edin Bronner, Douglas Fry, Franco Bartolotti, Gabriel P
Scortez or Suliliski, Scott Zachary Fish, Tim Duffyanny Smith,
and Wiseman. Daniel Friedman, William Buckner, Paul Georg Jarno,
Luke Lovai, Georgios Theophanus, Chris Williamson, Peter Wolozin, David
Williams, Di Acosta, Anton Ericsson, Charles Murray, Alex Shaw,
Marie Martinez, Coralli Chevalier, Bangalore atheists, Larry D. Lee
Junior. Old Eringbon. Esterri, Michael Bailey, then Spurber, Robert
Grassy, Zigoren, Jeff McMahon, Jake Zul, Barnabas Raddix, Mark
Kempel, Thomas Dovner, Luke Neeson, Chris Story, Kimberly Johnson,
Benjamin Galbert, Jessica Nowicki, Linda Brendan, Nicholas Carlson, Ismael
Bensleyman. George Ekoriati, Valentine Steinmann, Per Crawley, Kate Van
Goler, Alexander Obert, Liam Dunaway, BR, Massoud Ali Mohammadi,
Perpendicular, Jannes Hetner, Ursula Guinov, Gregory Hastings, David Pinsov,
Sean Nelson, Mike Levin, and Jos Necht. A special
thanks to my producers Iar Webb, Jim Frank Lucas
Stinnik, Tom Vanneden, Bernardine Curtis Dixon, Benedict Mueller, Thomas
Trumbull, Catherine and Patrick Tobin, John Carlamon, Negro Al
Nick Cortiz and Nick Golden, and to my executive
producers, Matthew Lavender, Sergio Quadrian, Bogdan, Kanis, and Rosie.
Thank you for all.